Transmission config flow (#10293)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/transmission.markdown

## Configuration

> Home Assistant offers UniFi integration through **Configuration** -> **Integrations** -> **Transmission**. For legacy support old transmission configuration is imported and set up as new integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up the integration through **Configuration** -> **Integrations** -> **Transmission**. For legacy support old transmission configuration is imported and set up as new integration.
```

Reviewer 2: Applied suggestion.
